Update signals concept page (#3657)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/concepts/signals/_index.md

weight: 11
---

> OpenTelemetry is structured around **[signals][]**. Signals are a system's
> outputs that a human or machine can infer knowledge from. Those signals will
> vary from system to system and depend on the objective you want to accomplish.
> It can be something you want to measure at a certain point, like temperature or
> RAM usage, or an event that goes through many components of your distributed
> system that you'd like to trace down. Signals can all be used together to
> provide different ways to observe the same piece of technology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of OpenTelemetry is to collect, process, and export **[signals][]**.
Signals are system outputs that describe the underlying activity of the operating
system and applications running on a platform. A signal can be something you
want to measure at a specific point in time, like temperature or memory usage,
or an event that goes through the components of your distributed system that
you'd like to trace. You can group different signals together to observe the
inner workings of the same piece of technology under different angles.
```

A suggested rewrite, feel free to take anything from it!
